OSDOCS-1621 Installing ASH UPI (#35683)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-initializing-manual.adoc

====
For some platform types, you can alternatively run `./openshift-install create install-config --dir=<installation_directory>` to generate an `install-config.yaml` file. You can provide details about your cluster configuration at the prompts.
====
ifdef::ash[]
+
Make the following modifications for Azure Stack Hub:

.. Configure the cluster to allow for manually managing cloud credentials:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: cluster1.example.com
credentialsMode: Manual <1>
compute:
----

> <1> Set the `credentialsMode` parameter to `Manual`.

Reviewer: This is fine. It is also optional. Manual is the only credentialsMode for Azure Stack Hub so if this is omitted we automatically set the credntialsMode to Manual. If they select another mode, the installer will catch it with validation.

So it's fine leaving this in if we want to be thorough or we can omit if we want to simplify.

Author: I'll just omit it. No need in calling out something that is done automatically :+1:

+
Manual mode is required for running a cluster on Azure Stack Hub. For further information on managing credentials manually, see the "Manually creating IAM for Azure" section.

.. Set the `replicas` parameter to `0` for the `compute` pool:
+
[source,yaml]
----
compute:
- hyperthreading: Enabled
  name: worker
  platform: {}
  replicas: 0 <1>
----
<1> Set to `0`.
+
The compute machines will be provisioned manually later.

.. Update the `platform.azure` section of the `install-config.yaml` file to configure your Azure Stack Hub configuration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
platform:
  azure:
    armEndpoint: <azurestack_arm_endpoint> <1>
    baseDomainResourceGroupName: <resource_group> <2>
    cloudName: AzureStackCloud <3>
    region: <azurestack_region> <4>
----
<1> Specify the Azure Resource Manager endpoint of your Azure Stack Hub environment, like `\https://adminmanagement.local.azurestack.external`.
<2> Specify the name of the resource group that contains the DNS zone for your base domain.

> <3> Specify the Azure Stack Hub environment that is used to configure the Azure SDK with the appropriate Azure API endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Specify the Azure Stack Hub environment, which is used to configure the Azure SDK with the appropriate Azure API endpoints.
```

> <4> Specify the name of the Azure region that hosts your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Specify the name of your Azure Stack Hub region.
```
Each Azure Stack Hub environment has its own, unique region.
